# Twitter-Sentiment-Analysis

       Sentiment analysis (SA), also known as opinion mining is the process of classifying the emotion conveyed by a text, for example as negative, positive or neutral. The data made available by social media has contributed to a burst of research activity within SA in recent times and a shift in the focus of the field towards this type of data. Information gained from applying SA to social media data has many potential usages, for instance, to help marketers evaluate the success of an ad campaign, to identify how different demographics have received a product release, to predict user behavior, or to forecast election results.
                 A popular social medium is Twitter, a micro-blogging site that allows users to write textual entries of up to 140 characters. As of June 2015, Twitter has over 302 million monthly active users according to their homepage, where of approximately 88 % have their tweets freely readable. Additionally, over 84 % of the users also have their location specified in their profiles, enabling the possibility of performing drill-down on geographic locations. Data created by Twitter is made available through Twitter’s API, and represents a real-time information stream of opinionated data. Tweets can be filtered both by location and the time they were published. This has paved the way for a new sub-field of SA: Twitter sentiment analysis (TSA).
                 To predict the sentiment hidden in comments, sentimental analysis software are necessary. These software can be used to evaluate the people’s sentiment about particular band or personality. Twitter data contains comments regarding various topics. People from all around the world express their sentiments using twitter comments. Thus, system will analyze the twitter data to know the sentiment of people. Extract the content of tweets, identify the key features from that and then classify them as positive, negative or neutral using python.I have used tweepy module for doing analysis and matplotlib for data visualisation.

